Empathy Maps content

Stakeholders:
1. Relationship Managers
2. End Customers
3. Potential customers
4. Developers of new system



#1. Relationship Managers#
1.1. WHO are we empathizing with?
Relationship Managers
RM’s are the main employees of the call centre and have the role of interacting with customers and potential buyers

1.2. What do they need to DO?
Due to their experience, during development of the new system they may be able to provide some guidance on what they think appropriate criteria for changing the call flow rate may be.  

1.3. What do they SEE?
As call centre employees they commonly see their jobs being outsourced overseas to areas that can provide cheaper labour so this would be a source of worry for them. With the development of this new system they may see it as an inconvenience as now the call flow rate will be determined on a performance basis rather than random as it was before. 

1.4. What do they SAY?
Relationship managers will inform the customers of the holiday packages including
Price
Duration
Terms and conditions
Insurance policies

1.5. What do they DO?
Their main job at the moment is to try and make sales of holiday packages. With success being determined by how many packages are sold.

1.6. What do they HEAR
They would be constantly hearing from colleagues the issues of being a part of a call centre team such as worries of job security and how long they will continue doing their job.

1.7. What do they THINK and FEEL?

Pains (what are their fears, frustrations and anxieties)
Lose job due to new system. The system could become biased depending on whose RM profile matches customers the most
Not having enough input to how the system they use works

Gains (What are their wants, needs, hopes and dreams?)
For the system to improve the number of customers  they get
They need to maintain their employment to continue providing for themselves/family

What other thoughts and feelings might motivate their behaviour
2. End customers
2.1. WHO are we empathizing with?
End customers
End customers are customers who currently exist in the system and are the main recipient of the information system service

2.2. What do they need to DO?
End customers will need to set up their account information/profile, and continuously let the system know if there are any changes in personal details.
End customer will also be required to dial a number reaching the CMC which will automatically route them to a branch

2.3. What do they SEE?
End customers are expected to receive calls from the system that will connect them to the relationship manager. They’re more likely to take priority as customers with a highest score are served first

2.4. What do they SAY?
Potential customers may ask for a quote on holiday packages or discuss what package the package entails. 
Things they may ask -
How long is the holiday?
Cost of holiday?
Insurance policies? 
They will also let the relationship manage know if they’re interested in purchasing a product

2.5. What do they DO?
End customer’s should listen to what the product package offers and potentially state whether they are or not interested in purchasing the holiday package. If they’re interested they will be required to provide purchasing details. If they’re not interested they can tell the relationship manager and end the conversation/call

2.6. What do they HEAR
During a call with end customers they will hear the relationship manager speak about in depth details on the holiday package.
externally , they may hear from friends and family the annoyances of increased telemarketing calls and scams 

2.7. What do they THINK and FEEL?

Pains (what are their fears, frustrations and anxieties)
Annoyance of telemarketers calling them.
Holiday package is not suitable for them - waste of time for customers

Gains (What are their wants, needs, hopes and dreams?)
They may be offered a package they’re interested in purchasing. 
Fulfil a dream of purchasing and going on a holiday


3. Potential customers
3.1. WHO are we empathizing with?
Potential Customers
A potential customer is one who is not currently using the system but it is highly likely they will use it, as relationship managers (RM’s) call them and try to sign them up for different holiday packages

3.2. What do they need to DO?
Potential customers will be required to create a customer profile/account so that they can utilise the information system service. This allows the system to easily match the customers to the relationship manager based on their needs & skills.

3.3. What do they SEE?
Potential customers may see the RM’s as an inconvenience if they are not expecting them to reach out and call them. The potential customers probably see many phone call made to them from other telemarketing agencies that may be outsourced overseas with operators who are not highly skilled, this causes them to have a disinterest in all marketing calls.

3.4. What do they SAY?
Some potential customers are receptive and become customers who purchase holiday packages and are grateful for the work of the RM’s, while other potential customers will be annoyed at being contacted and will say to not make contact with them again.

3.5. What do they DO?
Potential customers cover a wide number of people from all walks of life and can be 

3.6. What do they HEAR
During a call with end customers they will hear the relationship manager speak about in depth details on the holiday package.
Externally, they may hear from friends and family the annoyances of increased telemarketing calls and scams 

3.7. What do they THINK and FEEL?

Pains (what are their fears, frustrations and anxieties)
That people calling them are untrustworthy and dangerous
If they purchase packages over the phone they will lose their money

Gains (What are their wants, needs, hopes and dreams?)
They will ultimately have a desire to go on holiday at some point and would benefit from being sold a holiday package



4.Developers of new system

4.1. WHO are we empathizing with?
Developers are the people responsible for creating the new system for the travel company. They have been contracted by the company to improve the call management centre and play the crucial role of making the project successful.

4.2. What do they need to DO?
They will need to elicit all the necessary requirements from current users of the system and work on implementing solutions that reflect the customers needs.

4.3. What do they SEE?
They see a changing technology landscape where emphasis by younger generations is no longer placed on communication over telephone, 

4.4. What do they SAY?
Developers should inform the company what functionalities are possible based on the budget of the project. 
If a requirement cannot be met, they should let the company know why and how they may resolve the issue

4.5. What do they DO?
Develop the software of the calling system to match the requirements sent out to them, from the company.
They will also be required to maintain the software to ensure the functionalities are up to date

4.6. What do they HEAR
They would have heard the company’s requirements of the information system.

4.7. What do they THINK and FEEL?

Pains (what are their fears, frustrations and anxieties)
May be worried that their final solution could put some people out of a job
Worry that if they can’t provide a quality final solution they may gain a negative reputation in the industry.

Gains (What are their wants, needs, hopes and dreams?)
Want to provide a good final solution so the customer is happy and may use their companies services again
Improve the customers calling experience and have more successful sales made




